EPISODE 9
Dad.
I'm actually...
Dad...
I'm...
Where's Jun-hui?
What?
You silly goose.
Why do you find it
so hard to tell me? You're so silly.
Dad, you knew?
You knew about it?
I thought you were all grown up.
Are you okay?
I'm so worried.
Shall I come over?
You're not crying, are you?
What?
Where are you, Gyeong-seon?
Home.
Are you going to stay home today?
I am not. Why?
I'm at the office.
I didn't tell you before I left,
so I thought you might think I'm home.
Hello?
I won't go to your place, okay?
Why are you talking like that?
Hang up. I have to go.
Okay.
Remember the day you came home upset
and went out after?
I went to your place to steal more beer.
Someone was at the door, so I went out.
It was Jin-a.
She came to my place?
She couldn't find me.
She figured I was with you.
Make a right.
Oh, right...
Where's your head at?
Something's wrong, isn't it?
What is it? Is it something
regarding work?
Or your friend?
It's nothing.
You can't fool me.
What is it?
- What is it?
- I said it's nothing.
Oh, right.
Were you outside of Seoul recently?
I found a receipt in the car.
It was from Myeoncheon,
the place on the way to Dangjin.
But the date on it was the same day
as when Jin-a was there for work.
I drove her there.
You did? Why?
I was struggling to come up with ideas,
so I wanted to get away for a day,
and I heard she was going there.
But why didn't you tell me?
Jin-a didn't tell me either.
It was nothing important.
I'm not kidding.
There's a guy I've been keeping an eye on.
One of my customers--
How much do you even know
about your customers?
Why are you trying to set her up
with any guy?
Don't think like that. He's been coming
to my store for a long time.
He also has a nice job.
Is that all that matters?
Then I'd qualify too.
We don't consider you a man.
Then am I a woman?
Where did they go?
My gosh, what's going on in here?
I told him to get out of my room,
but he wouldn't listen.
- Gosh, please listen to her.
- Seriously.
- When will you grow up?
- Exactly.
I'm hungry. Let's go eat.
Is someone chasing you?
What are you doing at my place?
Your place?
Your place is my place.
I'm tired. Please leave.
Let me finish my beer. Let go of me.
Just take that home.
Take this one too.
Drink up and sleep tight.
No, I'm just going to finish this.
Go on.
Can I please go after I finish this?
Please, my brother?
Okay, fine.
I don't know what you're angry about,
but don't take it out on me.
I'm going to kill you tomorrow.
Why you...
Hello, Ms. Kim.
Pardon?
Where?
Please check him too.
He's like a son to me.
I'm still the eldest son.
Of course.
I think he's a bit feeble.
Is that so?
He's lost a lot of stamina.
I mean, Jun-hui doesn't even catch
a cold that easily.
I thought it was funny.
What's so funny?
Jun-hui, you work all night too often.
That must be wearing you out.
Everyone works as much as I do.
Would you like me to prescribe him
some herbal medicine?
Yes, please. Like you did for him--
No, I'm good. I don't need it at all.
- Gosh.
- No, thank you.
Jun-hui, you should at least
eat more of this.
Why don't you want herbal medicine?
It's good for your stamina.
I'm healthy. I'm not like Seung-ho.
What's wrong with me?
Don't you know?
You always catch a cold in the winter.
You're even weaker than your sister.
That's because Jin-a is feisty.
You shouldn't say that.
It isn't good for a woman
to be called that.
You two should find yourselves a woman
who is quiet and good-tempered.
You don't have to look too far.
I'm talking about someone like
Jun-hui's late mother.
Don't follow your dad's footsteps
- and marry some--
- Mom.
What? It's just between us.
Jun-hui,
I need you to marry someone nice,
have children, and be happy.
That way, I can happily reunite
with your mother in heaven.
You understand what I mean, right?
Of course.
Gosh.
What was that?
Sorry. I was crossing my leg.
Goodness.
I'm sorry.
- Eat up, Jun-hui.
- Okay.
Don't do it.
- I'm sorry, Dad.
- Drink it while it's hot.
You must feel nauseous
since you cried so much.
Okay.
Do you want me to tell your mom?
Can you tell her yourself?
I have to.
Is it okay...
if I talk to Jun-hui?
If you don't want me to...
It's not that I don't want you to.
What is it now?
You can talk to him, but...
That's fine, but...
Please don't scold Jun-hui.
Gosh.
Okay?
Do you like him that much?
Yes.
- Thank you.
- Goodbye.
Jun-hui, come over to our house
with Gyeong-seon soon.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Okay, bye.
- Okay, goodbye.
- Bye.
- What?
- How unlike you to get nervous.
No, you were nervous.
Why did you stop me from telling her?
Hey, I already told Jin-a this.
My mom will definitely faint
once she finds out.
- You'll witness that soon.
- Soon?
We can't keep it from her forever.
You'll help us, right?
You're crazy.
Don't even dream of it.
- I'll see you. Bye.
- Bye.
I brought home two servings.
Where did Jin-a go?
- Where did she go?
- She had to meet someone.
Who's she meeting on her day off?
Someone might think she's dating someone.
- Can I have some coke?
- Okay.
I should step forward and take action.
A friend of mine
wants to introduce Jin-a to a guy.
- My gosh.
- Come on.
My goodness. Eat up.
Don't laugh.
Okay.
Are my eyes really that puffy?
Yes.
This is all because of you.
You did well. I'm proud of you.
Your eyes aren't that swollen.
Forget it.
Why did you cry?
I tried not to cry.
But I just couldn't help...
I don't know.
I wanted to be there with you.
No, it's okay.
I was able to have a talk with my dad.
I'm glad I talked to him alone.
I'll tell Gyeong-seon.
I should be the one to tell her.
It's Gyeong-seon of all people.
Then what does that make me?
It makes me seem like a coward.
No, it doesn't.
Let's not care about what others think.
What matters is how we think.
- What?
- Were you always this confident?
Are you falling for me again?
I fell for you a long time ago.
You did well.
And thank you.
All I did was cry.
Hey, Gyeong-seon.
Are you sleeping?
I'M USING THE CAR
Who's your boyfriend?
Even Mr. Kong knows about him.
Why am I the only one who doesn't know?
You're not the only one.
And I didn't tell Mr. Kong the details.
Does that mean
you're not going to tell me?
Are you serious?
Don't you have anything else to do?
Ms. Seo canceled on me.
Gyeong-seon did?
Is there a problem with the store?
If that was the case,
she would've called me.
I think it was regarding
something personal.
Really? I wonder what's going on.
She rarely cancels appointments.
Stop changing the subject and tell me.
Gosh, stop asking me.
Your best friend is here.
Se-yeong, you're here too.
Why? You don't seem that glad to see me.
We met at the office this morning.
Why is she upset?
You know who Jin-a's dating, don't you?
Seriously, let's drop it.
- Come on. Who is it?
- Can I get you something to drink?
Seo Jun-hui.
What?
Hi.
I know it's a bit random,
but can I ask you something?
You and Ms. Yoon are pretty close.
Have you heard anything
about her boyfriend?
- Why do you ask?
- You must have heard something.
So she really does have a boyfriend.
Do you know who she is dating
by any chance?
Who is it?
- It's me.
- You are what?
Her boyfriend.
Why?
- What?
You're being ridiculous.
It's not like she stole
your boyfriend, is it?
I never said she did!
Then why are you all riled up?
That's enough, okay?
He flirted with me.
When?
- Then why did he go clubbing with me?
- We all went together.
Does that mean he flirted
with me and Ye-eun too?
Goodness.
Anyway, you owe me an apology.
She's being ridiculous. Gosh.
Were you trying to upset her or what?
- What did I do?
- Let me get through.
Se-yeong.
Don't apologize to me
if you don't mean it.
If you want my apology,
I'll apologize
for not telling you about it sooner.
It's not because I'm prettier
or better than you in any sense,
so don't be offended.
I'm not that petty.
Then please don't make it worse for me.
Gyeong-seon doesn't know about it yet.
I'm going to tell her soon,
so pretend you know nothing
just until then.
Do his parents know about it?
I told you that their parents
are very picky.
Thanks for your concern.
Actually, his parents
aren't the only problem.
Even his sister seems
to have high standards.
Whatever. Good luck to you.
Bye.
Mom, I know you are already worried
that I might give your son a hard time.
Why can't you consider
how I would feel for once?
HERE LIES JEONG IN-HYE
What are you going to do
if I give him a hard time?
Mom.
Don't make things hard for Jun-hui.
I can't see him suffer.
3 MISSED CALLS FROM JUN-HUI
- What?
- Why didn't you answer earlier?
Where are you now?
At the store. Where else would I be?
Yes.
Of course I'm at work.
I'm at the store.
Right.
Let's talk later.
I was just thinking
that you look even prettier these days.
Is it because you have a boyfriend now?
Here you go.
You know,
I heard that there have been...
How should I put this?
I heard there have been
some misunderstanding.
You see, he did that
because he cares about you a lot.
He had no other intentions.
Even I, myself, consider you
my own sister, and...
How should I say it?
Right, I care for you.
I try to look out for you at times.
I never thought that you'd feel that way
about me.
I just wanted you to know that.
I've always been nothing but nice to you,
Ms. Yoon.
I see.
- Mr. Nam.
- Yes.
Do you have time tonight?
Yes, come in.
It's nothing important.
Take female employees out
for dinner with that.
You don't have all the survey responses.
I'll talk to them afterward.
You can ask them verbally, sir.
They don't even want to answer the survey.
They obviously won't tell me.
Buy them something good.
Let me know if you end up spending more.
This is Jeong Yeong-in
from Marketing Team.
Is the security manager there?
It's me, Jeong Yeong-in.
EMERGENCY OPERATIONS CENTER
This is Jeong Yeong-in.
Is Mr. Choi still in the office?
There were no bad intentions
behind what I did.
I just wanted to figure out the situation.
That's... That's really all it was.
- What situation?
- Well, I heard
that a lot of our female employees
are very angry
about sexual harassment occurring at work.
So I wanted to check if it was true.
I'll let you off the hook
on one condition.
Bring me evidence.
Text messages, chat records,
social media posts,
or even voice recordings.
Bring me anything
that contains inappropriate remarks
our male employees made
about the female employees.
A movie theater that's more comfortable
than your house.
Our theater is the first in the province
to adopt the latest technology
to get rid of toxic substances
and fine dust.
You will feel comfortable in your seats
throughout the entire movie.
The spacious seats will enable you
to feel relaxed.
The seats are also at the right height,
so nothing will hinder your view.
We will soon premiere your dream.
Please follow this instruction
during an emergency.
For your safety,
please take note of
our theater's location and exits
including the nearest emergency exists.
The following arrows indicate
the escape routes.
Please follow our staff and escape safely
in case of emergency.
You're home already?
I was outside for a while,
but I came home straight away.
Is something wrong?
Should I not ask?
I think Gyeong-seon knows about us.
No, I should be the one telling her.
She has to hear it from me.
I'll talk to you later.
MY OTHER HALF, GYEONG-SEON
CALLING MY OTHER HALF, GYEONG-SEON
- Gyeong-seon.
- Not now.
Before you tell me anything,
let me ask you this first.
Do you two like each other?
Or...
are you just playing my brother?
I like him more than he likes me.
I know I can't make any excuses
for this situation.
I also know
that nothing I say will be able to
make you understand the whole situation.
But let me tell you this, Gyeong-seon.
I can't live without you.
I know I have no right to say this.
But that's just the truth.
I can't live without you. I need you.
What about Jun-hui?
Don't you think you are being greedy?
How can you be so selfish
and not care about
how this can ruin my relationship
with my brother?
I never took it that lightly.
Then what were you thinking?
How could you let things come this far?
I'm sorry that I wasn't honest with you
from the beginning.
Do you think
I would've been happy for you two
if you had told me from the start?
Do you really think this makes
any sense at all?
Do you think what you're doing is right?
Do you think...
I'm being shameless?
What?
There's not a single thing
you don't know about me.
We grew up together.
So you know about my past relationships.
And you even know
my biggest secrets.
I'm sure all those things bother you.
Hey.
What do you take me for?
Are you seriously thinking
that I would judge you based on your past?
That's how frustrated I am.
You can't even imagine
how frustrated I am
with the whole situation.
I don't even know how I managed to live
the past couple of days.
That's how shocked I was. I felt betrayed.
How could you, of all people...
Then what am I supposed to do now?
What do you want me to do?
Do you want me to break up with him
and wait until you're not angry
with me anymore?
And if you can't forgive me
no matter what,
should I just accept that
and walk out of your life?
Lay off the sarcasm, will you?
I want to blame you if you would let me.
What did I do wrong?
There's nothing wrong
with loving someone, don't you think?
You won't like to hear this,
but the fact that he's your brother
never made me hesitate.
Honestly,
I couldn't afford to think
about how you would feel.
That's how things came this far.
I only thought about Jun-hui.
I did not take anyone else
into consideration.
That's how we ended up like this.
What?
Gyeong-seon.
Don't hang up. Listen to me.
I know you feel disappointed and betrayed.
I do know
that, I, of all people,
should not have done this to you.
But Gyeong-seon,
I couldn't give up on Jin-a.
I started it.
I started the whole thing by liking her.
I like her so much.
I wanted her by my side,
so I went out of my way.
I'm sorry, Gyeong-seon.
I'm really sorry, but...
Just this once.
Please understand me just this once.
I'll take all the blame.
I'll let you take it out on me
until you feel better.
So please...
Don't give Jin-a a hard time.
You...
Please, Gyeong-seon.
You must be crazy.
Okay.
Jin-a's sleeping over
at Gyeong-seon's house.
At Gyeong-seon's house?
Goodness, you startled me.
What's the big deal?
Well...
She has to go to work tomorrow,
that's why.
What are you talking about?
Tomorrow is weekend.
Oh, right.
Is she with Gyeong-seon?
Of course.
She called me using Gyeong-seon's phone.
But why do you care so much
about Jin-a these days?
- Gosh, I'm tired.
- Seriously?
Let's go to sleep.
Turn the lights off.
Ouch. Hey!
- Sorry.
- For goodness' sake.
I'll call the police if you ring
the bell one more time.
Hey--
Gyeong-seon.
Open the door.
Hello?
I was prettier back then.
Excuse me? Are you serious?
Look at me in this picture.
My face is glowing. I look so beautiful.
I shall beat you
until you come to your senses!
Go ahead and kill me!
- My gosh.
- Look at this.
Time flies.
This is when Jun-hui was a baby.
He was so handsome even as a baby.
Have some shame, will you?
You'll have to put up with me
being like this from now on.
Gosh.
- You said you are okay with us dating.
- When did I say that? I said I'll try.
- Come on.
- Please approve of us dating.
Is this how you treat your sister-in-law?
Let me teach you a lesson.
- I'm sorry.
- Come on.
Gosh.
You'd better be good to me.
- Who was that?
- Oh, my gosh.
Who were they?
Thank you, Gyeong-seon.
You are crazy.
You must be out of your mind.
- What's wrong with you?
- What's wrong with me?
- Do you have a death wish?
- Wait. Gosh.
- Let's talk it out.
- You wish!
- You never even listen to me, you punk.
- What? It hurts.
- It really hurts. Okay, I got it.
- I'll smack you...
I went to see Mom.
Why did you go alone?
I went there to bad-mouth you.
Why would I take you with me?
What would she have decided to do
had she been alive?
I thought about
what she would have said to you.
It's so predictable.
She would have been like,
"My gosh. Congratulations, Jun-hui.
I really like Jin-a."
She would've said that right away.
They say that blood is thicker than water.
I know that Jin-a and I are best friends,
but I put you before anyone else.
I don't want to see you suffer in any way.
I'll do my best.
That alone would not change anything.
Jin-a's parents... Gosh.
Especially her mom--
I know.
I know what you're trying to tell me.
I've decided to understand
the two of you, but that doesn't mean
that I'll be okay with everything.
If something is wrong, or if anything
bothers me, I'll be direct about it.
If you don't even let me do that,
you shouldn't call yourself my brother.
I will consider you a shameless jerk.
I won't do that.
It won't be as easy as you think.
How do you study engineering
when you're not even good with computers?
My computer is fine.
The game itself is the problem.
Come over as soon as you can.
I don't think that's a good idea.
Gosh, what are you worried about?
It's so unlike you.
My parents are not home.
But Jin-a isn't home either.
Gosh.
Enough is enough, okay?
Stop.
I'm leaving now.
Take your time.
You might trip and fall if you run.
Why would I run? I'm walking right now.
Yes, okay. See you in a bit. Bye!
Don't mind me.
Watch this and memorize everything.
Why should I?
You can fix it whenever it doesn't work.
Then when do you actually use your brain?
At the right times.
I use my brain
only when it's absolutely necessary.
Are you home, Seung-ho?
Yes.
My gosh. You're here too, Jun-hui.
- Hello.
- Why are you back already?
Oh, they wanted to go for another round,
but I came home as I didn't want to put up
with your dad's drunken rampage.
Have you guys eaten yet?
Yes, I had instant noodles.
Gosh, why?
You should have had a proper meal.
Why didn't you heat up the soup and fish--
Gosh, it's fine.
This is actually great.
Let me ask your opinion
before your dad gets home.
Have a look at this guy
and tell me what you think.
Here.
Who's this guy?
Oh, he's Jin-a's...
I told you about it the other day.
A friend of mine wants
to set Jin-a up with this guy.
Look.
He went to Seoul National University.
What do you think?
You see,
I heard that men are better at telling
who's a good guy and who's not.
Jun-hui, what do you think?
Does he look like a good guy to you?
- Well...
- Mom, please.
I told you not to do these things.
Do you think I want to do this?
Do you want Jin-a to grow old all alone?
You ignored me when I asked you
to look for a nice guy for her.
Why are you nagging me now?
Don't say anything about this
to Jin-a, okay?
Hey, do you need something?
- No.
- Are you hungry?
I was going to bring you guys some fruits.
Well...
There's something I'd like to tell you.
What is it?
You want to tell me something? Go ahead.
I guess it's something important.
Yes.
Then shall we have a talk
in the living room?
Jun-hui, come and have a seat here.
My gosh. What's the matter?
Seung-ho, why is Jun-hui being like this?
Jun-hui.
- Ms. Kim.
- Yes, go ahead.
Well, I'm actually...
Yes, you can tell me--
What... What's going on?
That's what I want to ask you guys.
He said he had something to tell me
and got down on his knees like this.
Gosh, Jun-hui.
Whatever it is, you can tell me.
Why are you acting like
you've done something wrong?
What's going on?
You guys...
Why the heck are you two being like this?
Hang on.
Gosh, no way.
The two of you...
It's not what I'm thinking, right?
Right?
- Mom.
- Yes.
I'm sorry, Ms. Kim.
My goodness, how am I supposed to...
- Gosh, this is...
- Mom, are you okay?
- I can't believe this.
- Mom, try to calm down, okay?
What?
Did you... Did you know?
Well... Yes.
My goodness!
To me, Jun-hui is just a man I like.
I just wanted to check up on you.
Don't cry.
Have you ever wondered
how Jun-hui and I are doing?
Don't hang out with Jun-hui from now on.
Your daughter's life depends on this.
I know you are with me on this.
Don't you agree?
I want you to gather proof
that shows our female employees
have been mistreated.
Everyone will be screwed
if I open my mouth.
You're smart.
What's love?
Tell me what love is.
Then what is love?
Do you even know what it is?
Goodness.
Why don't you tell me what it is?
I can do anything for you, Jin-a.
What do you want?
I want you.
All I want is you, Jun-hui.
Subtitle translation by Kim Su-hyeon